it is now beautiful that everyone waits all bercy
jérôme the banner r
in red
offered by mark jones togo in blue
it's about
11th reunion between the two men
you have to know that the first time jérôme the banner years had been
carried away
between july 2011 for m
and a few months later
in the month of December
deminor
jérôme the accepted banner of the activity before the limit by k -o
in the second job recovery obviously this beautiful is announced
explosive between the two men
face-to-face two big cashed their mission
the second half the puncher
to French
truly we live
to clear the affront suffered a few months ago
the dome of tokyo he prepared himself
as a gladiator for this third rank
in front of marcq it may not be necessary
his for his collection of his possibilities
because New Zealander is a real
the strength of nature
carole jérôme's team the banner a-rod
do not hesitate to notice a little
work during this concert
also note
a film that evolves
right-handed double banner hire
under the banner elsewhere
Breton is destined the breakdown
two pacsées right-handed but he prefers
evolve hiring
alas for the moment it's French
what he touches
today to pick up the elsewhere
Celtic harpist
he knows in the package the violence of the blows of marcq
and there it is jerome the banner harkis well spent with the ones who followed with the
left leg besides
epp say right now besides with his left arm
the next brand
she asks jérôme the banner before hitting in the legs
it scores far more than enough called to destabilize it so
that they become less effective with his three-quarters
the most dangerous
the senior members of New Zealand
ok the inner click of jérôme the banner r
so do not spare all
given by jérôme the banner years
a planned fight thinks a 3 minute crocodile another ten seconds in this
Premier role
companies and French
it is at the road level
grimace
will he hurt
to the Swiss
one meter 78 inches 127 pounds
one meter 90 and 120 kilos for jérôme valère place
referee m
the precious advice of stéphane miquet-marty
the Muslims the goal
vule he me
his executioners
French
l but in any case for the moment very good first resumption of jérôme the
banner english
it is necessary to distrust the plebs
this second recovery
in addition to French
alas he seems to be
on the other hand, jérôme the banner
direct bourdin at the start
the New Zealander and count
from the beginning of this second recovery
we know the solidity
well we can be sure that this direct from the front arm
I hurt very very badly like this email
a reaction to score a goal
French who advances and touches the New Zealander
with this process
the lightning of the back leg
roped his team passed just above
to score a point
funny taste that falls on marca
indoor whore
where he has trouble to New Zealanders
he has a lot of trouble
he takes a lot of shots
and when we know the power
Jerome the mother
for the moment mark
terribly
ordered by French
attention is now jérôme the banner that has just been counter
because if I happen to force a raf of marketing is able blew on the
short keep on those tubers that he shipped
French on the carpet
they are a little high gives everyone in this second cover for all those
who will stay behind
how does the banner da go recover from this obole must be said
that mark applebaum amendments
all is besides the french renault
ebizcuss not in the ring of bercy
constantly in danger
right hook that almost pushed the French
but here I can guarantee that both boys are prepared
physically they are both 100%
because anyway
one of the two men would not have risen
and for the moment is good French
the team of jérôme the banner
I am right
it can be more significant
break but be careful
one shot they can make a difference
the french kito chu
representative at naypyitaw jérôme the banner
he gives with the left leg
at ten seconds from the end of this second round look at the face
the mark at the flash
they have a little more New Zealanders
the men of a second hallucinatory recovery
the results the two stories
after 6
here we really broke